NEWS
2.7-2
    o	Fixed typo in the documentation of 'hansen'.  Thanks to Roland Sookias for bringing this to my attention.

2.6-1
    o   In the 'hansen' function, the use of the argument 'alpha' was confusing.  
    	This vector parameterizes the "selection" portion of the OU model, which since version 2 has been assumed to be a positive-definite matrix (corresponding to stabilizing selection).
    	In particular, it contains the entries of the lower-triangular matrix square root of this positive definite matrix.
	To make the name more mnemonic, this argument has been renamed 'sqrt.alpha'.
	This is a superficial change meant to improve intelligibility: the algorithm itself has not changed.
	To prevent loss of backward compatibility, use of argument 'alpha' will continue to work, though it will generate a warning.
	In some future release, use of 'alpha' as an argument to 'hansen' will no longer generate a warning but will instead be passed through to the control list for 'optim' if method='optim' and will otherwise generate an error.

2.1-1
    o	Version 2 of ouch represents a major revision.  
    	ouch's capabilities have been substantially extended.
    o   support is now provided for multivariate characters.  
        Inference based on multivariate Ornstein-Uhlenbeck and multivariate Brownian motion models is now provided.

    o   nonultrametric trees are supported.

    o	the root character state need no longer be estimated.  
        Instead, the root state is assumed to be distributed according to the stationary distribution of the OU process.

    o	convenience functions for parametric bootstrap confidence intervals are provided.

    o   the new function 'paint' simplifies the specification of adaptive regimes in complex phylogenies.

    o   the new function 'ape2ouch' translates trees in the 'phylo' format of the ape package into 'ouchtree' format (thanks to Dan Ackerly).

    o   The new package is a complete rewrite, using S4 classes.  
    	The old functionality from ouch v. 1 remains available, but is now deprecated.
